Release/7.1 minor fts updates (#3023)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/eventing/pages/eventing-api.adoc

curl -XGET 'http://anyAuthedUser:password@192.168.1.5:8096/getFailureStats?name=[function_name]&bucket=[fs_bucket]&scope=[fs_scope]'
----

| GET

> | [.path]_/resetStatsCounters?name=[function_name]_

Reviewer: This is a larger question, because I realize that the entire page is like this, but I'm wondering if square brackets are really enough to set off that these need to be replaced with actual values.

> a| Reset statistics for a given Eventing Function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a| Resets statistics for the provided Eventing Function.
```

> This will reset the subset of statistics for the named Eventing Function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
This seems redundant based on the previous line.
